c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.xr.xml
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.exe
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.pdb
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.exe
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.pdb
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Login.xbf
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.g.i.cs
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.xaml
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.xbf
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Main.xbf
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.g.i.cs
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.g.cs
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.xaml
c:\users\mads\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\List.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\ShowNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\NewNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\EditNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\ListDelete.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\EditList.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\EditList.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\EditNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\List.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\ListDelete.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Login.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Main.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\NewNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\ShowNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.xr.xml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.exe
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.pdb
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditList.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\EditNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\List.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ListDelete.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Login.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\Main.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\NewNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ShowNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.exe
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.pdb
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\WindowsPhoneNotes.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\bin\Debug\OfflineNote.xbf
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\OfflineNote.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\OfflineNote.g.cs
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\OfflineNote.xaml
C:\Users\Mads\Documents\GitHub\WindowsPhoneMyNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\WindowsPhoneNotes\obj\Debug\OfflineNote.xbf
